[Music]
may i ask you something
i'm not in a position to refuse
is it true you called the camps
liquidation machines
everyone used flipping terms for dirty
work
to make us seem like animals we're all
animals
some of us just have bigger teeth than
others
welcome to argentina we have our guy
adolf eichmann
the architect of the final solution
we should be putting him down like a mad
dog
i would happily put a bullet in between
his eyes but that's not what we're doing
here
this is strictly catch and extract
eichmann will stand trial here in israel
my job was simple save the country i
love from being destroyed
is your job any different
there is a problem with the flight
this is a country full of ex-nazis
they're all over the city
whom did we take from you peter whom did
you lose
we lost six million asking about you
he's trying to manipulate us keep your
distance he's dangerous
for the first time in our history we
will judge our executioner
for the sake of the world do not fail
start the engine
they'll say my death is justice
that makes my life worth six million
people
you lost
we're all animals
[Music]
you